The video shows a car race where a red car is leading the race. The red car is followed by a blue car, and they are both racing on a track. The red car is in the lead, and the blue car is trying to catch up. The red car is driving at a high speed, and the blue car is trying to keep up with it. The red car is making sharp turns, and the blue car is trying to follow it. The red car is driving on the inside of the track, and the blue car is trying to stay on the outside. The red car is making a tight turn, and the blue car is trying to keep up with it. The red car is driving at a high speed, and the blue car is trying to catch up. The red car is making a sharp turn, and the blue car is trying to keep up with it. The red car is driving at a high speed, and the blue car is trying to catch up. The red car is making a tight turn, and the blue car is trying to keep up with it. The red car is driving at a high speed, and the blue car is trying to catch up. The red car is making a sharp turn, and the blue car is trying to keep up with it. The red car is driving at a high speed, and the blue car is trying to catch up. The red car is making a tight turn, and the blue car is trying to keep up with it. The red car is driving at a high speed, and the blue car is trying to catch up. The red car is making a sharp turn, and the blue car is trying to keep up with it. The red car is driving at a high speed, and the blue car is trying to catch up. The red car is making a tight turn, and the blue car is trying to keep up with it. The red car is driving at a high speed, and the blue car is trying to catch up. The red car is making a sharp turn, and the blue car is trying to keep up with it. The red car is driving at a high speed, and the blue car is trying to catch up. The red car is making a tight turn, and the blue car is trying to keep up with it. The red car is driving at a high speed, and the blue car is trying to catch up. The red car is making a sharp turn, and the blue car is trying to keep up with it. The red car is driving at