The video is a 3D animation of an athletics event. The first shot shows a large stadium filled with spectators, with the scoreboard displaying "4X100M Women Open Timed Final". The second shot shows a female athlete from Thailand, wearing a blue tank top and black shorts, preparing to run on the track. The third shot shows a female athlete from Singapore, wearing an orange tank top and black shorts, waving at the crowd as she stands on the track. The fourth shot shows a female athlete from Malaysia, wearing a red tank top and a hijab, waving at the crowd as she stands on the track. The fifth shot shows a female athlete from Indonesia, wearing a white tank top and black shorts, waving at the crowd as she stands on the track. The sixth shot shows a female athlete from Philippines, wearing a yellow tank top and black shorts, waving at the crowd as she stands on the track. The seventh shot shows a female athlete from China, wearing a blue tank top and black shorts, waving at the crowd as she stands on the track. The eighth shot shows a female athlete from Vietnam, wearing a red tank top and black shorts, waving at the crowd as she stands on the track. The ninth shot shows a female athlete from India, wearing a white tank top and black shorts, waving at the crowd as she stands on the track. The tenth shot shows a female athlete from Japan, wearing a blue tank top and black shorts, waving at the crowd as she stands on the track. The eleventh shot shows a female athlete from South Korea, wearing a blue tank top and black shorts, waving at the crowd as she stands on the track. The twelfth shot shows a female athlete from France, wearing a blue tank top and black shorts, waving at the crowd as she stands on the track. The thirteenth shot shows a female athlete from Brazil, wearing a blue tank top and black shorts, waving at the crowd as she stands on the track. The fourteenth shot shows a female athlete from Mexico, wearing a blue tank top and black shorts, waving at the crowd as she stands on the track. The fifteenth shot shows a female athlete from Colombia, wearing a blue tank top and black shorts, waving at the crowd as she stands on the track. The sixteenth shot shows a female athlete from Ecuador, wearing a blue tank top and black shorts, waving at the crowd as she stands on the track. The seventeenth shot shows a female athlete from Chile, wearing a blue tank top and black shorts, waving at the crowd as she stands on the track. The eighteenth shot shows a female athlete from Peru, wearing a blue tank top and black shorts, waving at the crowd as she stands on the track. The nineteenth shot shows a female athlete from Bolivia, wearing a blue tank top and black shorts, waving at the crowd as she stands on the track. The twentieth shot shows a female athlete from Paraguay, wearing a blue tank top and black shorts, waving at the crowd as she stands on the track. The twenty-first shot shows a female athlete from Uruguay, wearing a blue tank top and black shorts, waving at the crowd as she stands on the track. The twenty-second shot shows a female athlete from Argentina, wearing a blue tank top and black shorts, waving at the crowd as she stands on the track. The twenty-third shot shows a female athlete from Bolivia, wearing a blue tank top and black shorts, waving at the crowd as she stands on the track. The twenty-fourth shot shows a female athlete from Paraguay, wearing a blue tank top and black shorts, waving at the crowd as she stands on the track. The twenty-fifth shot shows a female athlete from Uruguay, wearing a blue tank top and black shorts, waving at the crowd as she stands on the track. The twenty-sixth shot shows a female athlete from Argentina, wearing a blue tank top and black shorts, waving at the crowd as she stands on the track. The twenty-seventh shot shows a female athlete from Bolivia, wearing a blue tank top and black shorts, waving at the crowd as she stands on the track. The twenty-eighth shot shows a female athlete from Paraguay, wearing a blue tank top and black shorts, waving at the crowd as she stands on the track. The twenty-ninth shot shows a female athlete from Uruguay, wearing a blue tank top and black shorts, waving at the crowd as she stands on the track. The thirty-shot shows a female athlete from Argentina, wearing a blue tank top and black shorts, waving at the crowd as she stands on the track.